BeADonor
Introduction:
This system will provide donation service. There will exist collaborations between both type of people
who will donate and who needs donations. A charitable and non profit organization will run it. On our 
webapp, moderators will work as a bridge between the donors and the people who seek help.
Our system will provide the opportunity for all sorts of donations. For example, there will be
    blood donation, 
    old and unused clothes(specially in winter Season) will be collected and distrubuted among the people who need
    People can ask for financial support for critical medical issues. Our moderator will verify their documents
        and then the post will be visible to the donors. 
    Users will submit details of their unused study materials(books/bags/calculator ...), gadgets(phone/laptop)
        and other tools. Our moderator will review and pick up goods from their location or ask them
        send through courier(depending upon the distance)
    Users can pay their Zakat, fitrah to us and we will distribute maintaining proper religious ruling.
    To draw the attention of the users, we have decided to add some points to user account after every donation
        which can be redeemed to get T-shirts or some other cool staffs.
    There will be dashboard where a list of weekly/monthly best donors will be visisble (every user will
        have the choice to make his donation visible/hidden)
    Users can provide us information about the people who need financial help(As most of them might not be able 
        to ask for help through our webapp themselves)
    Admin will monitor the activitied of the moderators.
    User can be an individual or an organization.

User and their role:
    Anonymous User:
        Anonymous user will be able to register to our system and start to donate or ask for help.
        They can view gallary, weekly/monthly top donors list, public help seeking posts etc.
    Registered User:
        Registered users will be able to use our system with full privilege. They will 
            donate money/goods
            Ask for help
            provide us information about others who need help
    Moderator:
        They will review help seeking posts for approval
        They will verify users' donation
        They will ensure how goods from users will arrive to us
    Admin:
        Admin will have the privelege of adding/removing a moderator
        Admin will monitor the activities of the moderators
          

